Serenna Beers: Good afternoon.
Serenna Beers: Can you hear me.
Lorena Rivas: Hear me
Serenna Beers: Yes, now I can
Hi there.
Serenna Beers: How are you today.
Lorena Rivas: Doing pretty good.
Yeah.
Serenna Beers: You're hanging in there with all this stuff happening around you.
Lorena Rivas: Yeah, I'm trying to
Yeah.
Serenna Beers: Well, my name is serene. I'm one of the therapist, I may even very well be yours. I haven't, I haven't checked yet. And I'm going to do your bio psychosocial
Serenna Beers: Have you ever done one of those
Serenna Beers: No. So, I promise you it's pretty painless. I just ask you a bunch of annoying questions and you answer them.
Lorena Rivas: Okay.
Serenna Beers: Is that all right.
Lorena Rivas: How long would it take cuz I'm waiting for my doctor to call me too. Oh.
Serenna Beers: This should take about 20 minutes tops.
Dale.
Serenna Beers: Is that okay
Lorena Rivas: I guess I was waiting for my doctor the car guess until we call. Yes.
Serenna Beers: Okay, well, if we have to get disconnected, then I would just put you back on my schedule. I mean, that would be the only thing that I'd be able to do
Lorena Rivas: Okay.
Serenna Beers: So we will see what we can get done. So, um, tell me what brings you too bright too bright heart health, and
Serenna Beers: And why
Lorena Rivas: Just, just, I just been needing help that's that's what it is. I need help.
Serenna Beers: Okay, you need you need help with what specifically
Lorena Rivas: The taking the pills and all that.
Serenna Beers: Okay. Do you have chronic pain.
Lorena Rivas: Yes, that'd be hurt. Yes.
Serenna Beers: Okay, from from what does it have to do with with an accident. Does it have to do. Is it chronic pain from event that happened.
Lorena Rivas: Or is this like, no, it's just like my my backyard and all know this for
Lorena Rivas: Me having my baby or what
Serenna Beers: Okay, do you have any
Serenna Beers: History of
Serenna Beers: Substance with substances. Do you have any struggles with addiction.
Serenna Beers: Yeah, okay, what specifically. Can you share with me what what what you've struggled with and how
Lorena Rivas: Long that just would like to take just took over like taking pills and stuff so
Serenna Beers: Okay, when did. When did it first start
Lorena Rivas: A couple years ago.
Serenna Beers: Okay, at what at what what point, what was it the worst.
Serenna Beers: Meaning you started to take how much and to the point of where you felt that you
Lorena Rivas: Owe hit on my doctor right here. I'm gonna have to call I will try to call. Okay.
Thank you. Okay.
iPhone: audios master.
Serenna Beers: Not sure what happened to him. I lost him. I'll wait and see if he comes back.
Are you there.
Serenna Beers: Are you able to hear me.
iPhone: There we go.
Sorry.
Serenna Beers: Well, I was strange.
Serenna Beers: I don't know if I had it on mute from my end or if it will
iPhone: Automatically you to every time it's
iPhone: All good.
Serenna Beers: Okay, cool. Um, so I am your therapist. I'm serving. I think we we've already done a
group together. I think
Serenna Beers: Yeah. Okay, so this is just the bio psychosocial and according to your chart. You're supposed to have weekly sessions.
Serenna Beers: With me. Okay, so. So after we are done with this will just kind of set up a
Serenna Beers: Standing appointment. If that works for you. I'm not sure how your work schedule is if if if you have one at this point, or if you're a stay at home, too, because of everything that's
iPhone: And I am yeah on lockdown.
Serenna Beers: Okay.
Serenna Beers: All right, so I'm just going to ask you some questions that usually takes about 20
iPhone: Minutes. Okay.
Serenna Beers: Um, tell me what brought you to bright heart health, and why and why now.
iPhone: Um,
iPhone: Well I yeah I've been an addict for eight or nine years, but I'm
iPhone: About
iPhone: In April of 2016 I was in
iPhone: I got a traumatic brain injury and got severe damage to my arm and leg.
iPhone: That I had already tried to go to rehab and states get sober before then. But it wasn't until then that
iPhone: I really got how serious the situation is
iPhone: I spent I spent like a year relearning how to walk and it was
Serenna Beers: It was traumatic. Was it
iPhone: Was from an overdose.
Serenna Beers: Oh,
iPhone: I think that I hit like an artery and just just basically like anesthetize myself, um,
Serenna Beers: So you used a
Needle
Serenna Beers: Okay, okay.
Serenna Beers: Your drug of choices.
iPhone: Whoa, whoa, fentanyl and math.
Okay.
Serenna Beers: Boy, that's, that's quite a wake up.
Call
Serenna Beers: I am so that breaks my heart that's gosh
Serenna Beers: So tell me your story with it. I mean, like how long, when you say that I've been an addict for a long, long time. What is that, what does that mean specifically. And what I'm trying to do is create a timeline. So when you started to use substances.
Serenna Beers: Basically when you were first exposed to how it had progressed and then at what point was it the worst.
iPhone: Okay. Um, so I started using when I was 14. It was just marijuana first for those first few years.
iPhone: When I was like a freshman, sophomore in high school and then I got into
iPhone: When I first tried cocaine that was
iPhone: Basically, where my I feel like that addict in my body that was asleep kind of woke up, um,
iPhone: That's when I became I didn't become a full blown addict right away but I started to spend all my money on cocaine. And at first it was
iPhone: I used a lot of it with people, but didn't tell them that I was using cocaine. So I kept it a secret because I went to a high school that was pretty
iPhone: I don't know what the word is. But it was it was a private high school I people didn't do my serve and drink and smoke weed. So I started just to use cocaine basically alone for a while.
iPhone: And
iPhone: It moved on to ecstasy I when I first tried to ecstasy. I wasn't on antidepressants. Then, and I feel like a
iPhone: Cause
iPhone: Temporary
iPhone: It was a temporary antidepressant and it was a very good antidepressant.
iPhone: In the sense that I think it stimulated all those neurotransmitters. You know that depression, kind of, you know, just it
iPhone: I was happy for almost not the first time, but I was truly seeing clearly and feeling, you know that everything was all right for the first time in a while.
iPhone: And I basically got addicted to ecstasy, which is tech, you know, people say is impossible, but I was using it every other day I'd use it and then spend the next day recovering use it recovering I would use it more
iPhone: You know, ecstasy and marijuana
iPhone: Accuracy and cocaine.
iPhone: It wasn't until
iPhone: I got into college when i was i was 18 back in 2012
iPhone: That
iPhone: I start, you know, I started drink, but it was really when I discovered benzo that everything went south. That was what I became fully addicted to like in the sense, those both physically and mentally they did.
iPhone: Insert off with an event. And then this was also my doctor prescribed to and it was an event and then Xanax and then I started to get Sam max listed Lee.
iPhone: I was taking up to 12 milligrams of Xanax a day. And that's, that's a lot.
iPhone: And I was really scared when I ran when I, you know, if I was going around and whatnot. I was a Xanax dealer down in UCSB
iPhone: So I had thousands upon thousands of pills. I would just take them like candy I would forget that I take them and take more I could barely go to class. I was just waiting until class was over to get right back home and pop some pills.
iPhone: And I, you know, by the end of the year.
iPhone: I knew I had a problem. I was really scared I you know I told my mom and I went to a really nice rehab center in
iPhone: Arizona and
iPhone: That was one of like I've been to a lot of rehabs that's that was a really nice one and
iPhone: You know, I did good there. But when I got home, I immediately started using again. I didn't take sobriety that seriously. Like, oh, I'm too young to be sober. Like, I'll just, I'll just, you know, please. My parents like I going to
iPhone: You know, rehab and it's important to tell you like my parents split up when I was 12 or 13. It was a really messy divorce.
iPhone: And that's, that's where I got in the habit of isolating in my room and just getting high and
iPhone: Yeah, the one constitute was marijuana but that's not what cause at the end. Cause that was like a
iPhone: Guess who the trigger in itself to do harder drugs. Okay.
iPhone: And then
iPhone: When I got
iPhone: I went to, you know, I went to Arizona. I went to a sober program in Hawaii. And then I came back and I
iPhone: Didn't go back to school for like a year and was using a ton in that time trying out a bunch of different drugs as when I started to do math was 19 or 20
iPhone: And
iPhone: When I was 21
iPhone: I will be. I was living in SLE in San Francisco. And then my accident happened when I was 22 so three years ago.
iPhone: And then since then I've been in and out SLO ease and rehabs
iPhone: So I'd say that my poison is probably Xanax
iPhone: It doesn't cause the euphoria that I used to feel from
iPhone: Like ecstasy and math and Coke, but it does its job to num num me out and sleep. I love that feeling, Ella waking up from from a Xanax induce sleep and like, you know, my body is all tingly. And it's just
iPhone: It's that sleep that I and I changed and now that I'm in recovery. I'm on know like an anti psychotic and so other stuff that allows me to sleep.
iPhone: And I'm I don't get the same feeling but sleeping well I've been in Insomniac my whole life sleeping well for me is like a euphoric experience itself.
iPhone: So I was chasing that
iPhone: That sleep for a lot of years and I think that I thought that Xanax food and stuff Benz's would pause causes me to, I think it really
iPhone: After a while, I know that it messes with your sleep. Mm hmm. Maybe helps it first, but it, it blocks certain stages of sleep from happening. And I would wake up eventually and just feel like not refresh at all and then do more Xanax and it was just a continuous loop.
iPhone: And now that I'm not doing any drugs.
iPhone: I think the most. The best thing is you know my relationship with my mom, she got sick with cancer, about five, six years ago and I've been using. I can't imagine like what she's been going through. But now that I'm sober, I have the ability to, you know, have that insight.
iPhone: And
iPhone: Yeah, I'm living an sob right now.
iPhone: Um, there's, you know, there's probably several places I've been to that I haven't mentioned, but I'm kind of shared with you the whole progression of
iPhone: How it started and
iPhone: Where I am now.
Serenna Beers: Do you struggle with chronic pain as a result of your traumatic brain in brain injury.
iPhone: Yeah, I do. Okay.
Serenna Beers: All right and and the the precipitating event basically be event that created the chronic pain was from your traumatic brain injury.
iPhone: There's something brain freeze self. It's the nerve damage that
iPhone: I got, I was passed out on top of my leg and my arm like my body weight cutting off the circulation for hours and hours. So it's not
iPhone: It is neuropathic pain, but it's also damage to to the muscles and Tubal egg and just extensive damage. Okay.
Serenna Beers: Um. Had you had okay you kind of shared with me some history of substance abuse, you said you kind of bounced in and out of SL s s Ellie's. Had you had any residential type any outpatient, other than here.
Serenna Beers: For substance abuse.
iPhone: I'm good. Now patient right right now.
iPhone: I was going outpatient every other day before the
iPhone: What you call it, you know. Lockdown was
iPhone: In place but now I do Zoo like meeting.
iPhone: Yeah yeah I do meetings with my counselor at at my outpatient, as well as my
iPhone: My sponsor and
iPhone: People from around the country in meetings as well.
Serenna Beers: Yeah, the online meetings which are really amazing.
iPhone: Yeah, they totally are it's
iPhone: So awesome.
Serenna Beers: What about tell me, well, let's see. Let me back up. Do you have any
Serenna Beers: History of suicidal ideation or homicidal ideation through throughout this process. Have you wanted to harm yourself or or or anyone else.
iPhone: There's been no not harming anyone else. I mean, there's been times where I wanted to get in a fight with someone, but never know. Okay.
Serenna Beers: I'm
Serenna Beers: Intentionally kind of like you just
Serenna Beers: Wanted to numb out or get out some rage or anger and you just thought that maybe getting into a fight would be a way to to maybe solve that. Where was that kind of your mindset.
iPhone: No hi I avoided I avoid conflict. I've never actually been in a fight with anybody. I always just refuse. It's just, um, it's not going to end well at all ever so
iPhone: Again to verbal face with people, but never physical
Serenna Beers: But you've never wanted to like harm yourself physically you've never wanted to take your own life.
iPhone: I'm
Serenna Beers: Just mean like ideation.
Serenna Beers: I mean like where you had a thought.
iPhone: That might use with downers and all that kind of was, was that
Okay.
iPhone: You don't
Serenna Beers: Feel that way now.
iPhone: No. Okay, good.
Serenna Beers: What about growing up. What was it like for you, meaning I I think I heard you say that you were raised with both parents. I think I heard you say
Serenna Beers: That your parent parents were together until you were about 12 right and what, what about, do you have any brothers or sisters
Serenna Beers: Did anybody else in your homes struggle with substances or mental health or being a work a holic or gambling or sex addiction or shopping. Any other types of stuff like that. So I asked you a bunch of questions.
iPhone: I'm
iPhone: Know like I'm not
iPhone: From like donor sperm, my brothers as well. And he is not doesn't have any addictive.
iPhone: Traits while I i do
iPhone: So I really feel like it is completely genetic in that net sense because he's tried stuff to he doesn't, you know, like when I tried that first line of cocaine. That's when it all basically started
Serenna Beers: But Mom or Dad, don't ever don't have any issues with addiction or mental health of any kind.
iPhone: Not that I know of nothing that scene and that nothing's been like suspicious to me. You know, I haven't. Yeah.
Serenna Beers: All right, what about school. How far did. Did you go, were you able to complete school
Serenna Beers: Did you struggle with any learning disabilities. Were there any events that stood out
Serenna Beers: To you growing up, besides the fact that your
Serenna Beers: parents split up, which I don't want to discredit that because that's huge divorces huge but
Serenna Beers: I mean, is there any other thing that you didn't
Serenna Beers: Mention that kind of stands out that created trauma for you or or really had an impact on you that that you hold that that holds true now as well.
iPhone: You know, in no
Serenna Beers: Okay, did you
Graduate
iPhone: I, I was just like a quarter away from graduating. So my intention is to go back to school, not at UCSB maybe Davis or UCSF, but you know I want to finish up. Okay.
Serenna Beers: You're speaking about
Serenna Beers: College. Right. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Um, what about, let's see, did you ever serve in the military.
iPhone: Did not
Serenna Beers: Okay. And do you have any financial or legal issues that you are concerned about at all.
iPhone: I did but not not right now. Actually, everything is is is good. Okay.
Serenna Beers: Good. Um. Are you in a relationship. Currently, and do you have any kids.
iPhone: Uh, no. In
iPhone: Okay.
Serenna Beers: Um, as and you said, it says, Who do you live with. So you are currently at an SLA now. Right. Yeah.
iPhone: I live with.
iPhone: Seven other guys. Okay.
Serenna Beers: And how is that working out for you right now.
iPhone: It is, I mean, obviously it is what it is.
iPhone: But, um, you know, I don't really have another choice.
I'm
iPhone: I do
iPhone: Get into quarrels with like my house manager and stuff like that.
iPhone: No, I
iPhone: My, my sober coach is friends with the house manager.
iPhone: My house manager just does a lot of
Just
iPhone: You know, ridiculing embarrassing people shaming people just a lot of stuff like that. And when he sees my my server coach you know he's all nice, friendly, and then Michael, who's my server coaches, like, what's wrong with him. I don't see what's wrong with him. He's just didn't know that.
iPhone: The guy just, I have a major issue with him major issue.
iPhone: So that's, that's hard. I just have to like
Smile.
iPhone: And just do whatever he asked, basically, or else if you see you know he he does not allow people say no to him at all. And it's just, it's so off putting. It's just I hate it, you know.
Serenna Beers: Have the. Is there anybody above him that you're able to speak, speak with him about
iPhone: Yeah, but like anybody above him.
iPhone: DOESN'T SEE WHAT THEY DON'T THEY DON'T SEE WHAT HE what he does when when they're not there.
iPhone: It's completely different when when somebody who like is above him. Is there just
iPhone: You know, one ad spin just completely different. It's
iPhone: You know,
iPhone: I don't know what I can do about it. There's literally nothing so
iPhone: Um,
Serenna Beers: Other than gotta be difficult.
iPhone: It sure is.
Serenna Beers: Um, tell me three things that you think might be of help to you. And specifically, like what you want to work on. So, like, are, are there any skills, specifically that you hope to learn
Serenna Beers: Just three goals that maybe you feel that I could help you work on as your
Serenna Beers: Therapist or and or three goals that that that have to do with with them, is it Dr. Ella dad, who is your dog or is it okay yeah
iPhone: Yeah, um,
iPhone: Goals.
iPhone: To
iPhone: I want to understand more about why my triggers are so
iPhone: They're you know they're super very
iPhone: powerful and strong like a I can smell the drug, I can almost feel the drug. When I think about it.
iPhone: I'd like to know more about that and what I can do to
iPhone: quell that
Pain.
Serenna Beers: OK, I just, I had a random thought
Serenna Beers: Cuz we can actually, you know, perhaps, that could be one of the topics of the group that we do, or I can teach in a different session.
Serenna Beers: Relapse
Serenna Beers: Is one of my specialties as well. I did a lot of training. Training behind triggers cravings and thoughts because there is a lot to it and it actually makes sense. So that's something that's very doable. What else
iPhone: Is kind of similar but
iPhone: You know, maybe this you know some of the psychology around addiction.
Serenna Beers: Okay, some almost like the disease con concept.
Serenna Beers: Yeah, okay. Those are really good ones. Okay. Give me one. One more.
Serenna Beers: I'm so gonna say, cuz you said that you struggle with any type of
Serenna Beers: Conflict conference confrontation is it that you struggle with being assertive with would you identify as more kind of like passive, but when you get really pissed off. And it's kind of like passive aggressive or I mean, would you say that you need a healthier communication style.
iPhone: Sure, but
iPhone: Yeah, I was just gonna say
iPhone: Is almost impossible to have that with and within this House, but not within with other people, it's, it's a
iPhone: You know, other people are
iPhone: It's just not normal. What, what goes on and what what you know there's really nothing to
iPhone: To do about that.
iPhone: Other than you literally have to like bowed down that this guy, or you can gel. The house so
iPhone: You know, it's, it's very frustrating. I guess how how you can turn your anger into something positive and productive and turning it into like a
iPhone: Like a trigger to to want to get fucked up like to wanna know.
Serenna Beers: Okay, so maybe conflict resolution when it's beyond your control which, you know, which is where you're at right right now because it's not like you shouldn't have to bow to bow down but
Serenna Beers: Or I don't like to say but but the gates what you just said. So I always say and how to turn your anger into something that is
Serenna Beers: Is healthier because if a situation is out of your control. But you have to be in this situation, then you need to find a way to accept right
iPhone: Mm hmm.
Serenna Beers: So how do you do that without one losing your mind to becoming triggered and saying, effort and picking up and
Serenna Beers: going and going to substances which then you go backwards, right.
Serenna Beers: So just really channeling that anger and flipping it almost opposite to emotion action that's kind of what I hear you saying yeah
Serenna Beers: Yeah, okay. Well, those are all three really good good goals and and i think that that we can really work on those in the weeks to come. So I have a lot a lot of hope for that.
Serenna Beers: So how does Mondays. At this time, sound at four o'clock. Is this a pretty good time, or is there a different time that works better.
iPhone: For right now is a good time.
Serenna Beers: Okay, so I'm going to let the virtual clinic know that I'm going to add you to my schedule for next Friday or next Monday at four. If something comes up and you need to reschedule it just let them know. But as of right right now. You know, as, as I'm just starting to
Serenna Beers: Get all of my focuses bio psychosocial is done and set setting up times this is a free slot. So I wanted to go ahead and plug in. If this is a good time.
iPhone: Yes, this is a good time.
Okay.
Serenna Beers: All right then. Well, this is all that I need to meet with you for as of right right now, we will, I will put to gather those goals. And so for this next week.
Serenna Beers: Just try to do something nice for yourself and we like to call that in this field self care. So, tell me one thing that you are going to do over the next week for
Serenna Beers: Ourselves for self care.
And
iPhone: Have
iPhone: A healthy conversation with my mom continue
iPhone: To
iPhone: We've had like a rocky relationship for years and years. It's never, I don't think it's been this good for a long time.
iPhone: I want to maintain maintain that. Okay.
Good.
Serenna Beers: All right, well then, I will see you this weekend group and also I will see you next week. Until then, just do do your best to stay safe and stay and stay healthy stay healthy.
Serenna Beers: Right.
Serenna Beers: All right. Thanks, Ryan.
iPhone: Thank you.
Serenna Beers: I came